## Why Structurizr?

To ensure the transferability and maintainability of the Kwetter project, I chose to utilize Structurizr, a tool that
facilitates the documentation and visualization of software architectures based on the C4 model. By employing
Structurizr, I established a central location where comprehensive architectural and design diagrams could be stored,
along with the option to include deployment diagrams. Additionally, Structurizr provided a convenient platform for
storing text documentation in markdown format. To track significant architectural decisions, I adopted the use of
Architecture Decision Records (ADRs).

Structurizr offered an effective solution for maintaining architectural documentation. By adhering to the C4 model, I
could create clear and concise diagrams that represented the different layers of the system, such as the high-level
context, containers, components, and their interactions. These diagrams provided a visual representation of the system's
structure and allowed stakeholders to grasp its complexities more easily.

In addition to the C4 diagrams, Structurizr supported the inclusion of deployment diagrams. This feature allowed me to
document and visualize the distribution and configuration of Kwetter's microservices across various environments,
enhancing the understanding of the system's deployment strategy.

Moreover, Structurizr provided a central repository where I could store text-based documentation in markdown format.
This allowed me to capture important information about the architecture, design decisions, system behavior, and other
relevant aspects of the project. Storing documentation in a standardized format ensured consistency and facilitated the
transferability of knowledge between team members and future maintainers.

To record and track significant architectural decisions, I adopted the use of Architecture Decision Records (ADRs). ADRs
provided a structured approach for documenting the rationale behind important decisions that influenced the project's
architecture. Each ADR contained information about the decision, its context, the potential options considered, and the
reasons for selecting a particular course of action. This practice ensured transparency and provided a historical record
of the decision-making process, aiding in understanding the reasoning behind the architecture's evolution.

By utilizing Structurizr for architectural documentation and employing ADRs, I established a robust system for capturing
and communicating essential information about Kwetter's architecture and design. This approach not only facilitated
knowledge transfer but also supported the maintainability and transferability of the project by providing a centralized
location for crucial documentation and promoting architectural transparency and decision traceability.