### What solution(s) can ensure that Kwetter can support a growing user base across the world?

The technology choices made for Kwetter appear to be suitable for the platform's requirements. However, to fully
capitalize on their potential, further configuration and utilization of scaling options within the cluster are
necessary. Here's an explanation of why additional scaling options are essential for optimizing the chosen technologies:

#### API Gateway
The decision to use an nginx ingress with a self-made API behind it allowed for effective exposure of services without
relying on a dedicated gateway solution. While this setup serves the immediate needs of Kwetter, configuring additional
scaling options, such as horizontal pod autoscaling or traffic splitting, can significantly enhance the gateway's
performance and resilience. By dynamically adjusting the number of running instances or intelligently distributing
traffic, the cluster can efficiently handle varying levels of load and ensure optimal resource utilization.

#### Message Brokers
RabbitMQ was chosen as the message broker due to its ease of use and compatibility with the MassTransit messaging
library. However, to fully harness the scalability benefits offered by RabbitMQ, it is crucial to configure and optimize
the cluster to handle larger data streams and higher message throughput. This can involve setting up a RabbitMQ cluster,
implementing queue partitioning, and utilizing features like publisher confirms and acknowledgments to ensure reliable
message delivery. These configuration options will enable Kwetter to scale its messaging capabilities effectively and
handle increased messaging demands as the user base grows.

#### Service Mesh
The adoption of the Cilium service mesh provides advanced networking and security features for the Kwetter cluster.
However, to fully leverage the benefits of the service mesh, additional configuration options can be explored. This
includes implementing automatic sidecar injection for all microservices, defining and fine-tuning traffic routing
policies, and utilizing telemetry and observability features provided by the service mesh. These configurations will
enhance service discovery, load balancing, and network security within the cluster, leading to improved performance and
scalability.

By configuring scaling options within the cluster for the chosen technologies, they can effectively handle increased
user traffic, scale resources dynamically, and optimize performance. These configurations will ensure that the
technologies operate at their full potential, delivering the desired scalability, reliability, and performance benefits
to the Kwetter platform.


